icon display, the spacing between the images. But regarding the images, I'll prob need to know how to do that for when I add other galleries
security hacks?
you were saying it might be prone
and banner, but that isn't too priority
none of it is really priority, minor things

oh yea that facebook widget. The link needs to open in a new window
the "like our facebook" text doesn't, the rest of the widget does open a new window
I just can't find where the code is put

******Things I need help with:

ORDERING FORM: Currently I have an ordering form for chicks. I want to give a dollar discount per chick AFTER the customer inputs more than 25 chicks. Any ideas how?

PASTING THE LINK INTO FACEBOOK: You know how when you do this facebook generates a visual display from the sites info. Any ideas on how to customize this? It looks bad right now. It takes some the same random pictures and writes 'specializing in the conservation of rare poultry' twice. I think this also might affect SEO.

BANNER: I have the script still if you need it. To be clear, can you keep it looking as it does now but change the image every few seconds (not just on refresh). A transition animation like a fade too. Pretty much the blogger deal.

SECURITY: You know what needs to be done - I don't. Poke around and tell me if the site is secure enough. When I go to https://www.redfeatherfarm.net/ I get a 'privacy error' 'Your connection is not private' from my antivirus. This doesn't happen when I drop the https://. Whats up with that? I'll be adding capchas to contact and order forms. I want to give out my phone number, but I don't want it just out there for bots to pick up. Suggestions?

THE JETPACK SOCIAL MEDIA WIDGET: I currently have it in my footer and sidebar. The icons are working in the sidebar, but can you make the font larger and align them to the right? Same thing for the footer. ALSO, can they show up in the header, upper right?

BUY NOW BUTTONS (SIDEBAR): What do you think? I feel like it needs a cosmetic touch up, but I don't know what. Feedback please.

THUMBNAILS: Please add spacing and show me how.

MY LOGO: Can you crop my logo down and put it next to the title on the left side?

SEO: My seo plugin pretty much handles this, but if you notice something I could be doing better, please share.

IMAGE PRECUM: You were saying it might help to preload images when using the viewer. This isn't a NEEDED feature, but it would help if its easy enough to implement. I find as long as they are compressed to 1 mg or less the load times are good.

THE MAIN MENU (DROP DOWN MENU): Can the options for order chicks and order hatching eggs in the main menu be highlighted orange?


THANK YOU. This is a lot to ask, I know. Don't bother ANYTHING that is asking too much time. You're very busy, I get it. I'm trying to do as much as I can on my own, but WHATEVER you do is VERY VERY helpful. What takes me an hour takes you 10 minutes - I just want to start blogging....

If there is anything I can do for you, please tell me. But no more sexual favors. That horse....it was too much


 
